once on the moon an unusual baby was born
I was born and it happened that he got
where I found a lot of new friends
kreed and that's what happened next we
see you now and see hello
you miss
I propose to play checkers
ready to go first
[music]
goodbye and good afternoon want checkers
and play and we want to play you, let's
type of play so delicious
with whom
good afternoon, my dear, do you remember
today's lecture yes yes minnow
Ivanovich
Sasha can and play sorry can not
I was instructed to follow the kids
excuse me it's time
goodbye
[music]
hello you play i'm teaching the bee
let the pancakes and let's checkers
play I can not
do not teach me how to play checkers
need nectar to collect sorry chilena
where he treated still some pity
where others can't do
what is low checkers play with
With joy, here is a luntik
put here on a black box and why
so if they stood differently
the groom would have knives
Now see there are black and white you
whites you go first I will not be good
to go anywhere
blackboard like this and black cells on black
[music]
Now I go black like this
look if the checkers of different colors
There is something that stood that eats
came up before it says just this
I remove the sword from the board
that's so clear here where you are and we
fry waiting for you you wanted to read
lecture yes yes but now i'm playing with
lunt checkers 1 leave you checkers
repeat what I showed you a bunch
start leading white checkers
then black hi vladik oh this is it
I'm learning to play checkers like this goes bumps
attack I will not give another eat some
boring game
and you can play it differently if
play differently then it will be no longer
checkers and we will try and 9 never
sting things
[music]
8 this game
I hope so and play today
sorry please i distracted him
sorry let's play fix
please oh well
really exciting any game
it will become only when you are in it
you will understand well
[music]